Yes, yes, now.
Married to a security guard
A security guard and a delivery suit are also very suitable.
I can't believe you're not going.
Besides telling you not to go, have the courage.
I...
This.
No matter what, you have to get married.
Everyone is the same.
I'll say it again, I'm the richest girl.
Bang Dien Group's order worth hundreds of billions is the order I prepared.
Wedding gift. Today I am getting married to someone else.
But...
Hundreds of billions of orders absolutely cannot be recorded for you anymore.
Awards, are they also wrong?
I was not good to you.
I want to be good to you.
This brain of yours isn't that bad either.
Ha ha friend
She will be my Fu Yannian's wife immediately.
The rich will get it for him.
Hundreds of billions of orders from Bang Dien Group as wedding gifts
Moreover, he can help him restore the Luc family to its original form.
Let's go back to the bottom circle.
He is clearly a protector.
Lie for me.
He's a good person.
Hello, we apply for a license
This.
Fuji Group is the head of four Long Xuyen families.
Even if we are like this, the Luc family is rich
Wanted to meet the long group of people of Fuji Group.
Doesn't like loneliness
And the ice field was just what he put his hands into.
At that time, he was a hundred times more noble than the deputy general.
What the hell are you two?
All that's left are these two.
Boy.
Don't waste your time with this poor couple.
This delaying your time is not good.
Exactly.
Just let the two of them drink the northwest wind here.
We are a 5 star hotel.
Let's go, mom.
Thank you today.
No, I did it for my grandmother too.
If you want a divorce
I will be with you at any time.
Anyway, today is the first day of the wedding.
You invite me to dinner.
No, I have work.
The job of security guards is the same.
So I'll start sending it to you.
This is your car.
This lady represents the moon that destroys you.